**Washington State is not one size fits all.** I grew up in Mead, Washington, moved to Bellingham for college, and currently live in Olympia. This state is incredible, and every part of the state faces different issues both as democratic organizations and as Democrats. I’ve served on multiple state-wide boards and have seen how communication can work well and where it breaks down. I’ve also learned how important it is to show up everywhere, not just where it’s geographically convenient. 

**Young people get it done.** I’ve been on the board for the Young Democrats of Washington for 4 years, serving as a Chapter President, the Policy Director, Chair of the Queer Caucus, and currently serving as your National Committee Representative. I’ve planned our biggest Lobby Day to date, I’ve helped organize Young Democrat presence in Pride marches across the state, and most recently I proposed and passed an amendment to the Young Democrats of America Constitution that allows trans people explicit representation in the organization. 

**Direct action gets the goods.** I had the incredible privilege of working with the Midwest Academy and the United States Student Association, serving for two years as a GrassRoots Organizing Weekend (GROW) Trainer. I’m not only comfortable planning rallies, marches, and other actions, I’ve helped local, state, and national organizations write full campaign plans for how to win on issues like preventing sexual assault on college campuses, voting rights, and funding for mental health resources on college campuses. 

**Effective advocacy wins issues.** I’ve spent the last four years working at the local and state level to advance progressive principles. I’ve planned and helped plan more lobby days than I can count on issues ranging from higher education access to environmental advocacy to voting rights. I’ve served as a lobbyist and currently work as a Legislative Assistant, I know the ins and outs of the legislature, but more importantly I know where things fall through the cracks. 

**When we vote, we win.** While at Western Washington University I helped coordinate some of the largest youth voter registration drives and GOTV campaigns in the state. I’ve also helped plan phone banks and doorbell days on a local and state level. I know what issues we’re talking about as Democrats and how to talk about them effectively, but I also know what we’re not talking about and how to start those conversations. 

**The Democratic Party has a lot of work to do.** In my four years involved in this organization and working with others I have tried to open up opportunities and space for marginalized communities. This party too often relies on people that it does not adequately serve or uplift. I spent time struggling with my identity as a Democrat because of this and want to help hold our party accountable to the virtues it says it ascribes to. 

