# Goals

**Leadership comes from the ground up.** We are only as strong as our individual chapters, which is why I want to empower local leaders and help them to create the connections they need to thrive. I want YDWA to offer trainings for Chairs at the beginning of their term and then throughout the year on issues of recruitment, fundraising, event planning, and more. I also want to work with an elected Chair of Chairs to convene regular calls of all chapter leaders to communicate about what they’re working on and what support they need from the general board and their fellow chapters. 

**GOTV wins elections.** Beyond that, I know that we’re better off when we work together. I want to work with local chapters to hit 10,000 doors in the 2018 elections, and I want to have four YDWA Paint the Town Blue events across the state and up and down the ticket. Additionally, I want to help make sure that Young Democrats are getting the skills they need to work on campaigns in an official capacity, hosting a Campaign School that will give people some of the connections and tools they’ll need to manage a campaign. 

**Democrats need to be better at showing up for marginalized communities.** More importantly, I know that this work needs to be central in our organization. We need to have a real conversation about who we’re uplifting, who we’re asking to get involved, and how we’re supporting folks. We need to look seriously at the communities that are and aren’t represented in our organization and our leadership. I want to collaborate on a plan for the organization that highlights where we’re failing now and how we can begin to fix that. I want to help coordinate regular trainings for YDWA Leadership on institutional racism, sexism, homophobia and transphobia, ableism, and other issues. Finally, I want to ensure that we’re holding members accountable in the spaces that we create. 

**How we do things matters.** I want to host quarterly calls with the YDWA General Board and regular calls with the Executive Board, as well as work with the Communications Department to ensure that everything we’re doing is accessible to membership. I want to outline a 5 year plan for the organization covering our strengths so we can build on them, and our weaknesses so we can address them. I’d also like to host trainings for the Board on intentional leadership development, recognizing the importance of building up new leadership in ways that will help both individuals and the organization. 

**Money matters.** I want to work within our current tax structure constraints while ensuring that we have the money we need to support our organization, keeping our account within $20,000-$23,000. I want to establish a monthly donor program that will allow for a steady flow of money year round to supplement larger donor funding. I also want to ensure that our local chapters are able to fundraise, working with chapter leadership to develop their donor base and evaluate other fundraising mechanisms. 

**It’s important to show up.** I want to ensure that we’re collaborating with ally organizations, from the Washington State Democrats to our parent organization, the Young Democrats of America. When people need young folks for campaign jobs, for legislative work, for volunteers, or for feedback on how policies will impact us, I want YDWA to be the first stop. 

**There’s a lot that I don’t know, and I want to hear from you about it.** Am I missing something in my goals for the next year that you want to talk about? Does one of these points look like it can be better? Am I ignoring your communities needs in this organization? Above all, I want to serve you this next year, and if you know ways that I can better do that, let’s talk. 
